Hello there. It's Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai.
In this season, filled with new beginnings,
people who will begin living alone from April onwards, are going to increase huh.
I too am living alone. or should I say..
I'm basically living alone forever...
In any case, have a look at this room.
Not even a television,
nor a radio.
Without a door, not even furniture.
Hey, this room… su~cks!
Really sucks. Sucks.
See, I too would like to get on with this new season of life.
Now's the chance.
With that said, "from April onwards, I want to have a new lifestyle in this kind of room",
with this kind greed inside of me right now
I shall publicly reveal my ideal room.
but..
I'm not sure if these furniture really exists for sale
If its not for me, will you guys buy it?
probably not
Ok then, without further ado, let's draw Kizuna Ai's ideal room!
Let's go!
Firstly, we go with that thing right?
Thing called "layout" is important right? Layout.
Just one room is fine, though, better that it's nice and spacious, right?
First, lets have a Counter Kitchen
And a Refrigirator
and some kitchenware
here goes the counter
it's looking good
This time.. Looks like two are better..
and a sink which is wide
For the TV... around 60 inches would be ok
like this big!
like this?
then
let's put a big,round table
with a L shaped Sofa
Just like this...a L shaped
sofa
this is what I want!
and on this portion, lets put some floral plants over here
I definitely want a walk-in closet too
A big one just like this
the veranda should be over here but..
I also don't mind to have a small veranda, it might be good too
then
for the bed...
hmm
Bed will be here
and the shelf would be around here
then..
Ah! I forgot where to put the Computer (@_@)
I forgot to put the Computer station so..
Let's make the Walk-in closet smaller just like this
and have the Bed here
and here...
ww.. I really like the letter L like this..ww
so.... let's put 3 computer monitors
paired with a cool looking chair
well..as you all know me.. people might ask "aren't you artistic?"
Well then.. to make it "artistic".. I'll put a painting frame just like this even though I forgot what's it called
no... like this...
like this...
This ain't Tokyo Tower
I'll put this right here
A decorative painting
EH!?
That's it! I remember now..
ummm it's イーゼル (izeru)
As expected from a super genius AI like myself
then....
there seems to be something special lacking..
I have a counter kitchen...
AH!
I knew it..
If I get a cat or any pet..  I'd like to put a some sort of futon for them to rest in here
as for the space here....
I'd keep it simple and use this for filming
Rug mat
I'll have my video shoots here
So how is my room everyone?
It's perfect isn't it?
Can somebody provide a house like this? with around 10,000 yen rent per month.
Anyway.. with this we are complete!
Jaga Jaga JAN!
the charming point of this room
without a doubt it is the function of the room
It's not like.. it is only kawaii or something like that
It also gives you a very good impression of orderliness?
like
It does not give you a very stiff or inflexibility kind of impression
but gives you a little...
a little bit of..
energy in your everyday life
that welcoming type of home
the L shaped sofa of course itself
I want it so badly..like this..
Also cushion! I want some cushion! Let's draw some cushions here
A large one
How about a shower and a toilet?
I probably don't need neither of them, right?
I probably don't need a kitchen too if you ask me.
I do respect your opinion but..
doesn't a kitchen give you a feeling of yearning?
especially like a counter kitchen?
so let's just keep it, a counter kitchen!
What do you think?
I also left enough space for me to shoot my video
there are also enough space for me to use a computer
a bed as well..this is such an ideal room
that being said, I have expressed my ideal room to all you guys!
if you have great intuition, you probably understand, right?
Kawaii, clean, functional and soft!
I really want a bed like this!
oh!
eh?
did you hear something?
eh? did you hear me speaking?
oh snap! I spoke out my kokoro's voice by mistake
that being said, everyone who is ready to start a new life from April!
If you are feeling depressed,
make sure to check out A.I. Channel to cheer yourself up!
So, One last thing!
Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai desu ta!!
Bye bye!~